---
title: Profileurs CLR et applications du Windows Store
ms.date: 03/30/2017
dev_langs:
- csharp
applies_to:
- Windows 10
- Windows 8
helpviewer_keywords:
- profiling API
- profiling API [.NET Framework]
- profiling managed code
- profiling managed code [Windows Store Apps]
ms.assetid: 1c8eb2e7-f20a-42f9-a795-71503486a0f5
ms.openlocfilehash: da5942f9a2138a536d158f75a6977d20bf31b41c
ms.sourcegitcommit: 559fcfbe4871636494870a8b716bf7325df34ac5
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: fr-FR
ms.lasthandoff: 10/30/2019
ms.locfileid: "73140390"
---
# <a name="clr-profilers-and-windows-store-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-102">Profileurs CLR et applications du Windows Store</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-102">CLR Profilers and Windows Store Apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-103">Cette rubrique explique ce que vous devez savoir lorsque vous écrivez des outils de diagnostic qui analysent le code managé s’exécutant dans une application du Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-103">This topic discusses what you need to think about when writing diagnostic tools that analyze managed code running inside a Windows Store app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-104">Il fournit également des instructions pour modifier vos outils de développement existants afin qu’ils continuent de fonctionner lorsque vous les exécutez sur des applications du Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-104">It also provides guidelines to modify your existing development tools so they continue to work when you run them against Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-105">Pour comprendre ces informations, il est préférable que vous soyez familiarisé avec l’API de profilage du Common Language Runtime, que vous ayez déjà utilisé cette API dans un outil de diagnostic qui s’exécute correctement sur les applications de bureau Windows, et que vous êtes maintenant intéressé par la modification de l’outil. pour s’exécuter correctement sur les applications du Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-105">To understand this information, it’s best if you're  familiar with the Common Language Runtime Profiling API, you’ve already used this API in a diagnostic tool that runs correctly against Windows desktop applications, and you’re now interested in modifying the tool to run correctly against Windows Store apps.</span></span>

## <a name="introduction"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-106">Introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-106">Introduction</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-107">Si vous l’avez fait au-delà du paragraphe d’introduction, vous êtes familiarisé avec l’API de profilage CLR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-107">If you made it past the introductory paragraph, then you’re familiar with the CLR Profiling API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-108">Vous avez déjà écrit un outil de diagnostic qui fonctionne bien sur les applications de bureau gérées.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-108">You’ve already written a diagnostic tool that works well against managed desktop applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-109">À présent, vous êtes curieux de savoir ce que vous devez faire pour que votre outil fonctionne avec une application Windows Store gérée.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-109">Now you’re curious what to do so that your tool works with a managed Windows Store app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-110">Peut-être avez-vous déjà essayé de faire ce travail et découvert qu’il ne s’agit pas d’une tâche simple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-110">Perhaps you’ve already tried to make this work, and have discovered that it’s not a straightforward task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-111">En effet, il existe un certain nombre de considérations qui peuvent ne pas être évidentes pour tous les développeurs d’outils.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-111">Indeed, there are a number of considerations that might not be obvious to all tools developers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-112">Exemple :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-112">For example:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-113">Les applications du Windows Store s’exécutent dans un contexte avec des autorisations extrêmement réduites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-113">Windows Store apps run in a context with severely reduced permissions.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-114">Les fichiers de métadonnées Windows ont des caractéristiques uniques par rapport aux modules managés traditionnels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-114">Windows Metadata files have unique characteristics when compared to traditional managed modules.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-115">Les applications du Windows Store ont une habitude de s’interrompre lorsque l’interactivité tombe en panne.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-115">Windows Store apps have a habit of suspending themselves when interactivity goes down.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-116">Vos mécanismes de communication entre processus peuvent ne plus fonctionner pour différentes raisons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-116">Your inter-process communication mechanisms may no longer work for various reasons.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-117">Cette rubrique répertorie les éléments dont vous devez être conscient et comment les traiter correctement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-117">This topic lists the things you need to be aware of and how to deal with them properly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-118">Si vous débutez avec l’API de profilage CLR, passez aux ressources à la fin de cette rubrique pour trouver de meilleures informations de présentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-118">If you’re new to the CLR Profiling API, skip down to the Resources at the end of this topic to find better introductory information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-119">La fourniture de détails sur des API Windows spécifiques et la façon dont elles doivent être utilisées ne sont pas non plus abordées dans cette rubrique.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-119">Providing detail about specific Windows APIs and how they should be used is also outside the scope of this topic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-120">Considérez ce sujet comme un point de départ et reportez-vous à MSDN pour en savoir plus sur les API Windows référencées ici.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-120">Consider this topic a starting point, and refer to MSDN to learn more about any Windows APIs referenced here.</span></span>

## <a name="architecture-and-terminology"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-121">Architecture et terminologie</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-121">Architecture and terminology</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-122">En règle générale, un outil de diagnostic a une architecture telle que celle présentée dans l’illustration suivante.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-122">Typically, a diagnostic tool has an architecture like the one shown in the following illustration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-123">Elle utilise le terme « Profiler », mais de nombreux outils de ce type vont bien au-delà des performances typiques ou du profilage de la mémoire dans des domaines tels que la couverture du code, les infrastructures d’objets factices, le débogage du temps, la surveillance des applications, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-123">It uses the term "profiler," but many such tools go well beyond typical performance or memory profiling into areas such as code coverage, mock object frameworks, time-travel debugging, application monitoring, and so on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-124">Par souci de simplicité, cette rubrique continuera à faire référence à tous ces outils comme profileurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-124">For simplicity, this topic will continue to refer to all these tools as profilers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-125">La terminologie suivante est utilisée dans cette rubrique :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-125">The following terminology is used throughout this topic:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-126">**Application**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-126">**Application**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-127">Il s’agit de l’application analysée par le profileur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-127">This is the application that the profiler is analyzing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-128">En général, le développeur de cette application utilise à présent le profileur pour aider à diagnostiquer les problèmes liés à l’application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-128">Typically, the developer of this application is now using the profiler to help diagnose issues with the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-129">Traditionnellement, cette application est une application de bureau Windows, mais dans cette rubrique, nous examinons les applications du Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-129">Traditionally, this application would be a Windows desktop application, but in this topic, we’re looking at Windows Store apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-130">**DLL du profileur**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-130">**Profiler DLL**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-131">Il s’agit du composant qui se charge dans l’espace de processus de l’application en cours d’analyse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-131">This is the component that loads into the process space of the application being analyzed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-132">Ce composant, également appelé « agent du profileur », implémente les interfaces de l’interface [ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md)[ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md)(2, 3, etc.) et consomme les interfaces [ICorProfilerInfo](icorprofilerinfo-interface.md)(2,3, etc.) pour collecter les données relatives au application analysée et éventuellement modifier les aspects du comportement de l’application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-132">This component, also known as the profiler "agent," implements the [ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md)[ICorProfilerCallback Interface](icorprofilercallback-interface.md)(2,3,etc.) interfaces and consumes the [ICorProfilerInfo](icorprofilerinfo-interface.md)(2,3,etc.) interfaces to collect data about the analyzed application and potentially modify aspects of the application’s behavior.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-133">**Interface utilisateur du profileur**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-133">**Profiler UI**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-134">Il s’agit d’une application de bureau avec laquelle l’utilisateur du profileur interagit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-134">This is a desktop application that the profiler user interacts with.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-135">Il est chargé d’afficher l’état de l’application pour l’utilisateur et de donner à l’utilisateur la possibilité de contrôler le comportement de l’application analysée.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-135">It’s responsible for displaying application status to the user and giving the user the means to control the behavior of the analyzed application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-136">Ce composant s’exécute toujours dans son propre espace de processus, distinct de l’espace de processus de l’application en cours de profilage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-136">This component always runs in its own process space, separate from the process space of the application being profiled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-137">The Profiler UI can also act as the "attach trigger," which is the process that calls the [ICLRProfiling::AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md) method, to cause the analyzed application to load the Profiler DLL in those cases where the profiler DLL did not load on startup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-137">The Profiler UI can also act as the "attach trigger," which is the process that calls the [ICLRProfiling::AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md) method, to cause the analyzed application to load the Profiler DLL in those cases where the profiler DLL did not load on startup.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-138">Your Profiler UI should remain a Windows desktop application, even when it is used to control and report on a Windows Store app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-138">Your Profiler UI should remain a Windows desktop application, even when it is used to control and report on a Windows Store app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-139">Don’t expect to be able to package and ship your diagnostics tool in the Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-139">Don’t expect to be able to package and ship your diagnostics tool in the Windows Store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-140">Your tool needs to do things that Windows Store apps cannot do, and many of those things reside inside your Profiler UI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-140">Your tool needs to do things that Windows Store apps cannot do, and many of those things reside inside your Profiler UI.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-141">Throughout this document, the sample code assumes that:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-141">Throughout this document, the sample code assumes that:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-142">Your Profiler DLL is written in C++, because it must be a native DLL, as per the requirements of the CLR Profiling API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-142">Your Profiler DLL is written in C++, because it must be a native DLL, as per the requirements of the CLR Profiling API.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-143">Your Profiler UI is written in C#.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-143">Your Profiler UI is written in C#.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-144">This isn’t necessary, but because there are no requirements on the language for your Profiler UI’s process, why not pick a language that’s concise and simple?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-144">This isn’t necessary, but because there are no requirements on the language for your Profiler UI’s process, why not pick a language that’s concise and simple?</span></span>

### <a name="windows-rt-devices"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-145">Windows RT devices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-145">Windows RT devices</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-146">Windows RT devices are quite locked down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-146">Windows RT devices are quite locked down.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-147">Third-party profilers simply cannot be loaded on such devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-147">Third-party profilers simply cannot be loaded on such devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-148">This document focuses on Windows 8 PCs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-148">This document focuses on Windows 8 PCs.</span></span>

## <a name="consuming-windows-runtime-apis"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-149">Consuming Windows Runtime APIs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-149">Consuming Windows Runtime APIs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-150">In a number of scenarios discussed in the following sections, your Profiler UI desktop application needs to consume some new Windows Runtime APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-150">In a number of scenarios discussed in the following sections, your Profiler UI desktop application needs to consume some new Windows Runtime APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-151">You’ll want to consult the documentation to understand which Windows Runtime APIs can be used from desktop applications, and whether their behavior is different when called from desktop applications and Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-151">You’ll want to consult the documentation to understand which Windows Runtime APIs can be used from desktop applications, and whether their behavior is different when called from desktop applications and Windows Store apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-152">If your Profiler UI is written in managed code, there will be a few steps you’ll need to do to make consuming those Windows Runtime APIs easy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-152">If your Profiler UI is written in managed code, there will be a few steps you’ll need to do to make consuming those Windows Runtime APIs easy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-153">See the [Managed desktop apps and Windows Runtime](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271858) article for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-153">See the [Managed desktop apps and Windows Runtime](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271858) article for more information.</span></span>

## <a name="loading-the-profiler-dll"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-154">Loading the Profiler DLL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-154">Loading the Profiler DLL</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-155">This section describes how your Profiler UI causes the Windows Store app to load your Profiler DLL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-155">This section describes how your Profiler UI causes the Windows Store app to load your Profiler DLL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-156">The code discussed in this section belongs in your Profiler UI desktop app, and therefore involves using Windows APIs that are safe for desktop apps but not necessarily safe for Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-156">The code discussed in this section belongs in your Profiler UI desktop app, and therefore involves using Windows APIs that are safe for desktop apps but not necessarily safe for Windows Store apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-157">Your Profiler UI can cause your Profiler DLL to be loaded into the application’s process space in two ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-157">Your Profiler UI can cause your Profiler DLL to be loaded into the application’s process space in two ways:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-158">At application startup, as controlled by environment variables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-158">At application startup, as controlled by environment variables.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-159">By attaching to the application after startup is complete by calling the [ICLRProfiling::AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-159">By attaching to the application after startup is complete by calling the [ICLRProfiling::AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md) method.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-160">One of your first roadblocks will be getting startup-load and attach-load of your Profiler DLL to work properly with Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-160">One of your first roadblocks will be getting startup-load and attach-load of your Profiler DLL to work properly with Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-161">Both forms of loading share some special considerations in common, so let’s start with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-161">Both forms of loading share some special considerations in common, so let’s start with them.</span></span>

### <a name="common-considerations-for-startup-and-attach-loads"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-162">Common considerations for startup and attach loads</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-162">Common considerations for startup and attach loads</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-163">**Signing your Profiler DLL**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-163">**Signing your Profiler DLL**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-164">When Windows attempts to load your Profiler DLL, it verifies that your Profiler DLL is properly signed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-164">When Windows attempts to load your Profiler DLL, it verifies that your Profiler DLL is properly signed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-165">If not, the load fails by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-165">If not, the load fails by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-166">Il existe deux façons d'effectuer cette opération :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-166">There are two ways to do this:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-167">Ensure that your Profiler DLL is signed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-167">Ensure that your Profiler DLL is signed.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-168">Tell your user that they must install a developer license on their Windows 8 machine before using your tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-168">Tell your user that they must install a developer license on their Windows 8 machine before using your tool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-169">This can be done automatically from Visual Studio or manually from a command prompt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-169">This can be done automatically from Visual Studio or manually from a command prompt.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-170">For more information, see [Get a developer license](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/hh974578(v=win.10)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-170">For more information, see [Get a developer license](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/hh974578(v=win.10)).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-171">**File system permissions**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-171">**File system permissions**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-172">The Windows Store app must have permission to load and execute your Profiler DLL from the location on the file system in which it residesBy default, the Windows Store app doesn’t have such permission on most directories, and any failed attempt to load your Profiler DLL will produce an entry in the Windows Application event log that looks something like this:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-172">The Windows Store app must have permission to load and execute your Profiler DLL from the location on the file system in which it residesBy default, the Windows Store app doesn’t have such permission on most directories, and any failed attempt to load your Profiler DLL will produce an entry in the Windows Application event log that looks something like this:</span></span>

```output
NET Runtime version 4.0.30319.17929 - Loading profiler failed during CoCreateInstance.  Profiler CLSID: '{xxxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx}'.  HRESULT: 0x80070005.  Process ID (decimal): 4688.  Message ID: [0x2504].
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-173">Generally, Windows Store apps are only allowed to access a limited set of locations on the disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-173">Generally, Windows Store apps are only allowed to access a limited set of locations on the disk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-174">Each Windows Store app can access its own application data folders, as well as a few other areas in the file system for which all Windows Store apps are granted access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-174">Each Windows Store app can access its own application data folders, as well as a few other areas in the file system for which all Windows Store apps are granted access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-175">It's best to install your Profiler DLL and its dependencies somewhere under Program Files or Program Files (x86), because all Windows Store apps have read and execute permissions there by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-175">It's best to install your Profiler DLL and its dependencies somewhere under Program Files or Program Files (x86), because all Windows Store apps have read and execute permissions there by default.</span></span>

### <a name="startup-load"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-176">Startup load</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-176">Startup load</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-177">Typically, in a desktop app, your Profiler UI prompts a startup load of your Profiler DLL by initializing an environment block that contains the required CLR Profiling API environment variables (i.e., `COR_PROFILER`, `COR_ENABLE_PROFILING`, and `COR_PROFILER_PATH`), and then creating a new process with that environment block.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-177">Typically, in a desktop app, your Profiler UI prompts a startup load of your Profiler DLL by initializing an environment block that contains the required CLR Profiling API environment variables (i.e., `COR_PROFILER`, `COR_ENABLE_PROFILING`, and `COR_PROFILER_PATH`), and then creating a new process with that environment block.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-178">The same holds true for Windows Store apps, but the mechanisms are different.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-178">The same holds true for Windows Store apps, but the mechanisms are different.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-179">**Don’t run elevated**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-179">**Don’t run elevated**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-180">If Process A attempts to spawn Windows Store app Process B, Process A should be run at medium integrity level, not at high integrity level (that is, not elevated).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-180">If Process A attempts to spawn Windows Store app Process B, Process A should be run at medium integrity level, not at high integrity level (that is, not elevated).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-181">This means that either your Profiler UI should be running at medium integrity level, or it must spawn another desktop process at medium integrity level to take care of launching the Windows Store app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-181">This means that either your Profiler UI should be running at medium integrity level, or it must spawn another desktop process at medium integrity level to take care of launching the Windows Store app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-182">**Choosing a Windows Store App to profile**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-182">**Choosing a Windows Store App to profile**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-183">First, you’ll want to ask your profiler user which Windows Store app to launch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-183">First, you’ll want to ask your profiler user which Windows Store app to launch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-184">For desktop apps, perhaps you’d show a file Browse dialog, and the user would find and select an .exe file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-184">For desktop apps, perhaps you’d show a file Browse dialog, and the user would find and select an .exe file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-185">But Windows Store apps are different, and using a Browse dialog doesn’t make sense.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-185">But Windows Store apps are different, and using a Browse dialog doesn’t make sense.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-186">Instead, it’s better to show the user a list of Windows Store apps installed for that user to select from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-186">Instead, it’s better to show the user a list of Windows Store apps installed for that user to select from.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-187">You can use the <xref:Windows.Management.Deployment.PackageManager> class to generate this list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-187">You can use the <xref:Windows.Management.Deployment.PackageManager> class to generate this list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-188">`PackageManager` is a Windows Runtime class that is available to desktop apps, and in fact it is *only* available to desktop apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-188">`PackageManager` is a Windows Runtime class that is available to desktop apps, and in fact it is *only* available to desktop apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-189">The following code example from a hypothetical Profiler UI written as a desktop app in C# uses the `PackageManager` to generate a list of Windows apps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-189">The following code example from a hypothetical Profiler UI written as a desktop app in C# uses the `PackageManager` to generate a list of Windows apps:</span></span>

```csharp
string currentUserSID = WindowsIdentity.GetCurrent().User.ToString();
IAppxFactory appxFactory = (IAppxFactory) new AppxFactory();
PackageManager packageManager = new PackageManager();
IEnumerable<Package> packages = packageManager.FindPackagesForUser(currentUserSID);
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-190">**Specifying the custom environment block**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-190">**Specifying the custom environment block**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-191">A new COM interface, [IPackageDebugSettings](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nn-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings), allows you to customize the execution behavior of a Windows Store app to make some forms of diagnostics easier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-191">A new COM interface, [IPackageDebugSettings](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nn-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings), allows you to customize the execution behavior of a Windows Store app to make some forms of diagnostics easier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-192">One of its methods, [EnableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-enabledebugging), lets you pass an environment block to the Windows Store app when it’s launched, along with other useful effects like disabling automatic process suspension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-192">One of its methods, [EnableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-enabledebugging), lets you pass an environment block to the Windows Store app when it’s launched, along with other useful effects like disabling automatic process suspension.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-193">The environment block is important because that’s where you need to specify the environment variables (`COR_PROFILER`, `COR_ENABLE_PROFILING`, and `COR_PROFILER_PATH)`) used by the CLR to load your Profiler DLL .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-193">The environment block is important because that’s where you need to specify the environment variables (`COR_PROFILER`, `COR_ENABLE_PROFILING`, and `COR_PROFILER_PATH)`) used by the CLR to load your Profiler DLL .</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-194">Examinez l’extrait de code suivant :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-194">Consider the following code snippet:</span></span>

```csharp
IPackageDebugSettings pkgDebugSettings = new PackageDebugSettings();
pkgDebugSettings.EnableDebugging(packageFullName, debuggerCommandLine,
                                                                 (IntPtr)fixedEnvironmentPzz);
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-195">There are a couple of items you'll need to get right:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-195">There are a couple of items you'll need to get right:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-196">`packageFullName` can be determined while iterating over the packages and grabbing `package.Id.FullName`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-196">`packageFullName` can be determined while iterating over the packages and grabbing `package.Id.FullName`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-197">`debuggerCommandLine` is a bit more interesting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-197">`debuggerCommandLine` is a bit more interesting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-198">In order to pass the custom environment block to the Windows Store app, you need to write your own, simplistic dummy debugger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-198">In order to pass the custom environment block to the Windows Store app, you need to write your own, simplistic dummy debugger.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-199">Windows spawns the Windows Store app suspended and then attaches your debugger by launching your debugger with a command line like in this example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-199">Windows spawns the Windows Store app suspended and then attaches your debugger by launching your debugger with a command line like in this example:</span></span>

    ```console
    MyDummyDebugger.exe -p 1336 -tid 1424
    ```

     <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-200">where `-p 1336` means the Windows Store app has Process ID 1336, and `-tid 1424` means Thread ID 1424 is the thread that is suspended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-200">where `-p 1336` means the Windows Store app has Process ID 1336, and `-tid 1424` means Thread ID 1424 is the thread that is suspended.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-201">Your dummy debugger would parse the ThreadID from the command-line, resume that thread, and then exit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-201">Your dummy debugger would parse the ThreadID from the command-line, resume that thread, and then exit.</span></span>

     <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-202">Here’s some example C++ code to do this (be sure to add error checking!):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-202">Here’s some example C++ code to do this (be sure to add error checking!):</span></span>

    ```cpp
    int wmain(int argc, wchar_t* argv[])
    {
        // …
        // Parse command line here
        // …

        HANDLE hThread = OpenThread(THREAD_SUSPEND_RESUME,
                                                                  FALSE /* bInheritHandle */, nThreadID);
        ResumeThread(hThread);
        CloseHandle(hThread);
        return 0;
    }
    ```

     <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-203">You’ll need to deploy this dummy debugger as part of your diagnostics tool installation, and then specify the path to this debugger in the `debuggerCommandLine` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-203">You’ll need to deploy this dummy debugger as part of your diagnostics tool installation, and then specify the path to this debugger in the `debuggerCommandLine` parameter.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-204">**Launching the Windows Store app**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-204">**Launching the Windows Store app**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-205">The moment to launch the Windows Store app has finally arrived.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-205">The moment to launch the Windows Store app has finally arrived.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-206">If you’ve already tried doing this yourself, you may have noticed that [CreateProcess](/windows/desktop/api/processthreadsapi/nf-processthreadsapi-createprocessa) is not how you create a Windows Store app process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-206">If you’ve already tried doing this yourself, you may have noticed that [CreateProcess](/windows/desktop/api/processthreadsapi/nf-processthreadsapi-createprocessa) is not how you create a Windows Store app process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-207">Instead, you’ll need to use the [IApplicationActivationManager::ActivateApplication](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-iapplicationactivationmanager-activateapplication) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-207">Instead, you’ll need to use the [IApplicationActivationManager::ActivateApplication](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-iapplicationactivationmanager-activateapplication) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-208">To do that, you’ll need to get the App User Model ID of the Windows Store app that you’re launching.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-208">To do that, you’ll need to get the App User Model ID of the Windows Store app that you’re launching.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-209">And that means you’ll need to do a little digging through the manifest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-209">And that means you’ll need to do a little digging through the manifest.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-210">While iterating over your packages (see "Choosing a Windows Store App to Profile" in the [Startup load](#startup-load) section earlier), you’ll want to grab the set of applications contained in the current package’s manifest:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-210">While iterating over your packages (see "Choosing a Windows Store App to Profile" in the [Startup load](#startup-load) section earlier), you’ll want to grab the set of applications contained in the current package’s manifest:</span></span>

```csharp
string manifestPath = package.InstalledLocation.Path + "\\AppxManifest.xml";

AppxPackaging.IStream manifestStream;
SHCreateStreamOnFileEx(
                    manifestPath,
                    0x00000040,     // STGM_READ | STGM_SHARE_DENY_NONE
                    0,              // file creation attributes
                    false,          // fCreate
                    null,           // reserved
                    out manifestStream);

IAppxManifestReader manifestReader = appxFactory.CreateManifestReader(manifestStream);

IAppxManifestApplicationsEnumerator appsEnum = manifestReader.GetApplications();
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-211">Yes, one package can have multiple applications, and each application has its own Application User Model ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-211">Yes, one package can have multiple applications, and each application has its own Application User Model ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-212">So you’ll want to ask your user which application to profile, and grab the Application User Model ID from that particular application:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-212">So you’ll want to ask your user which application to profile, and grab the Application User Model ID from that particular application:</span></span>

```csharp
while (appsEnum.GetHasCurrent() != 0)
{
    IAppxManifestApplication app = appsEnum.GetCurrent();
    string appUserModelId = app.GetAppUserModelId();
    //...
}
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-213">Finally, you now have what you need to launch the Windows Store app:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-213">Finally, you now have what you need to launch the Windows Store app:</span></span>

```csharp
IApplicationActivationManager appActivationMgr = new ApplicationActivationManager();
appActivationMgr.ActivateApplication(appUserModelId, appArgs, ACTIVATEOPTIONS.AO_NONE, out pid);
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-214">**Remember to call DisableDebugging**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-214">**Remember to call DisableDebugging**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-215">When you called [IPackageDebugSettings::EnableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-enabledebugging), you made a promise that you would clean up after yourself by calling the [IPackageDebugSettings::DisableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-disabledebugging) method, so be sure to do that when the profiling session is over.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-215">When you called [IPackageDebugSettings::EnableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-enabledebugging), you made a promise that you would clean up after yourself by calling the [IPackageDebugSettings::DisableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-disabledebugging) method, so be sure to do that when the profiling session is over.</span></span>

### <a name="attach-load"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-216">Attach load</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-216">Attach load</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-217">When your Profiler UI wants to attach its Profiler DLL to an application that has already started running, it uses [ICLRProfiling::AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-217">When your Profiler UI wants to attach its Profiler DLL to an application that has already started running, it uses [ICLRProfiling::AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-218">The same holds true with Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-218">The same holds true with Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-219">But in addition to the common considerations listed earlier, make sure the that the target Windows Store app is not suspended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-219">But in addition to the common considerations listed earlier, make sure the that the target Windows Store app is not suspended.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-220">**EnableDebugging**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-220">**EnableDebugging**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-221">As with startup load, call the [IPackageDebugSettings::EnableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-enabledebugging) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-221">As with startup load, call the [IPackageDebugSettings::EnableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-enabledebugging) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-222">You don’t need it for passing an environment block, but you need one of its other features: disabling automatic process suspension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-222">You don’t need it for passing an environment block, but you need one of its other features: disabling automatic process suspension.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-223">Otherwise, when your Profiler UI calls [AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md), the target Windows Store app may be suspended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-223">Otherwise, when your Profiler UI calls [AttachProfiler](iclrprofiling-attachprofiler-method.md), the target Windows Store app may be suspended.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-224">In fact, this is likely if the user is now interacting with your Profiler UI, and the Windows Store app is not active on any of the user’s screens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-224">In fact, this is likely if the user is now interacting with your Profiler UI, and the Windows Store app is not active on any of the user’s screens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-225">And if the Windows Store app is suspended, it won’t be able to respond to any signal that the CLR sends to it to attach your Profiler DLL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-225">And if the Windows Store app is suspended, it won’t be able to respond to any signal that the CLR sends to it to attach your Profiler DLL.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-226">So you’ll want to do something like this:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-226">So you’ll want to do something like this:</span></span>

```csharp
IPackageDebugSettings pkgDebugSettings = new PackageDebugSettings();
pkgDebugSettings.EnableDebugging(packageFullName, null /* debuggerCommandLine */,
                                                                 IntPtr.Zero /* environment */);
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-227">This is the same call you’d make for the startup load case, except you don’t specify a debugger command line or an environment block.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-227">This is the same call you’d make for the startup load case, except you don’t specify a debugger command line or an environment block.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-228">**DisableDebugging**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-228">**DisableDebugging**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-229">As always, don’t forget to call [IPackageDebugSettings::DisableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-disabledebugging) when your profiling session is completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-229">As always, don’t forget to call [IPackageDebugSettings::DisableDebugging](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nf-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings-disabledebugging) when your profiling session is completed.</span></span>

## <a name="running-inside-the-windows-store-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-230">Running inside the Windows Store app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-230">Running inside the Windows Store app</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-231">So the Windows Store app has finally loaded your Profiler DLL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-231">So the Windows Store app has finally loaded your Profiler DLL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-232">Now your Profiler DLL must be taught how to play by the different rules required by Windows Store apps, including which APIs are allowable and how to run with reduced permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-232">Now your Profiler DLL must be taught how to play by the different rules required by Windows Store apps, including which APIs are allowable and how to run with reduced permissions.</span></span>

### <a name="stick-to-the-windows-store-app-apis"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-233">Stick to the Windows Store app APIs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-233">Stick to the Windows Store app APIs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-234">As you browse the Windows API, you’ll notice that every API is documented as being applicable to desktop apps, Windows Store apps, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-234">As you browse the Windows API, you’ll notice that every API is documented as being applicable to desktop apps, Windows Store apps, or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-235">For example, the **Requirements** section of the documentation for the [InitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionandspincount) function indicates that the function applies to desktop apps only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-235">For example, the **Requirements** section of the documentation for the [InitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionandspincount) function indicates that the function applies to desktop apps only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-236">In contrast, the [InitializeCriticalSectionEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionex) function is available for both desktop apps and Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-236">In contrast, the [InitializeCriticalSectionEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionex) function is available for both desktop apps and Windows Store apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-237">When developing your Profiler DLL, treat it as if it’s a Windows Store app and only use APIs that are documented as available to Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-237">When developing your Profiler DLL, treat it as if it’s a Windows Store app and only use APIs that are documented as available to Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-238">Analyze your dependencies (for example, you can run `link /dump /imports` against your Profiler DLL to audit), and then search the docs to see which of your dependencies are ok and which aren’t.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-238">Analyze your dependencies (for example, you can run `link /dump /imports` against your Profiler DLL to audit), and then search the docs to see which of your dependencies are ok and which aren’t.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-239">In most cases, your violations can be fixed by simply replacing them with a newer form of the API that is documented as safe (for example, replacing [InitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionandspincount) with [InitializeCriticalSectionEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionex)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-239">In most cases, your violations can be fixed by simply replacing them with a newer form of the API that is documented as safe (for example, replacing [InitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionandspincount) with [InitializeCriticalSectionEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-initializecriticalsectionex)).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-240">You might notice that your Profiler DLL calls some APIs that apply to desktop apps only, and yet they seem to work even when your Profiler DLL is loaded inside a Windows Store app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-240">You might notice that your Profiler DLL calls some APIs that apply to desktop apps only, and yet they seem to work even when your Profiler DLL is loaded inside a Windows Store app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-241">Be aware that it’s risky to use any API not documented for use with Windows Store apps in your Profiler DLL when loaded into a Windows Store app process:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-241">Be aware that it’s risky to use any API not documented for use with Windows Store apps in your Profiler DLL when loaded into a Windows Store app process:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-242">Such APIs are not guaranteed to work when called in the unique context that Windows Store apps run in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-242">Such APIs are not guaranteed to work when called in the unique context that Windows Store apps run in.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-243">Such APIs might not work consistently when called from within different Windows Store app processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-243">Such APIs might not work consistently when called from within different Windows Store app processes.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-244">Such APIs might seem to work fine from Windows Store apps in the current version of Windows, but may break or be disabled in future releases of Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-244">Such APIs might seem to work fine from Windows Store apps in the current version of Windows, but may break or be disabled in future releases of Windows.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-245">The best advice is to fix all your violations and avoid the risk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-245">The best advice is to fix all your violations and avoid the risk.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-246">You might find that you absolutely cannot do without a particular API and cannot find a replacement suitable for Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-246">You might find that you absolutely cannot do without a particular API and cannot find a replacement suitable for Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-247">In such a case, at a minimum:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-247">In such a case, at a minimum:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-248">Test, test, test the living daylights out of your usage of that API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-248">Test, test, test the living daylights out of your usage of that API.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-249">Understand that the API might suddenly break or disappear if called from inside Windows Store apps in future releases of Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-249">Understand that the API might suddenly break or disappear if called from inside Windows Store apps in future releases of Windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-250">This won’t be considered a compatibility concern by Microsoft, and supporting your usage of it will not be a priority.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-250">This won’t be considered a compatibility concern by Microsoft, and supporting your usage of it will not be a priority.</span></span>

### <a name="reduced-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-251">Reduced permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-251">Reduced permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-252">It’s outside the scope of this topic to list all the ways that Windows Store app permissions differ from desktop apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-252">It’s outside the scope of this topic to list all the ways that Windows Store app permissions differ from desktop apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-253">But certainly the behavior will be different every time your Profiler DLL (when loaded into a Windows Store app as compared to a desktop app) tries to access any resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-253">But certainly the behavior will be different every time your Profiler DLL (when loaded into a Windows Store app as compared to a desktop app) tries to access any resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-254">The file system is the most common example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-254">The file system is the most common example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-255">There are but a few places on disk that a given Windows Store app is allowed to access (see [File access and permissions (Windows Runtime apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/hh967755(v=win.10))), and your Profiler DLL will be under the same restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-255">There are but a few places on disk that a given Windows Store app is allowed to access (see [File access and permissions (Windows Runtime apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/hh967755(v=win.10))), and your Profiler DLL will be under the same restrictions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-256">Test your code thoroughly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-256">Test your code thoroughly.</span></span>

### <a name="inter-process-communication"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-257">Inter-process communication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-257">Inter-process communication</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-258">As shown in the diagram at the beginning of this paper, your Profiler DLL (loaded into the Windows Store app process space) will likely need to communicate with your Profiler UI (running in a separate desktop app process space) through your own custom inter-process communication (IPC) channel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-258">As shown in the diagram at the beginning of this paper, your Profiler DLL (loaded into the Windows Store app process space) will likely need to communicate with your Profiler UI (running in a separate desktop app process space) through your own custom inter-process communication (IPC) channel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-259">L’interface utilisateur du profileur envoie des signaux à la DLL du profileur pour modifier son comportement, et la DLL du profileur renvoie les données de l’application du Windows Store analysée à l’interface utilisateur du profileur pour le poster et les afficher à l’utilisateur du profileur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-259">The Profiler UI sends signals to the Profiler DLL to modify its behavior, and the Profiler DLL sends data from the analyzed Windows Store app back to the Profiler UI for post-processing and displaying to the profiler user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-260">La plupart des profileurs doivent fonctionner de cette manière, mais vos choix pour les mécanismes IPC sont plus limités lorsque votre DLL du profileur est chargée dans une application du Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-260">Most profilers need to work this way, but your choices for IPC mechanisms are more limited when your Profiler DLL is loaded into a Windows Store app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-261">Par exemple, les canaux nommés ne faisant pas partie du kit de développement logiciel (SDK) d’application du Windows Store, vous ne pouvez pas les utiliser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-261">For example, named pipes are not part of the Windows Store app SDK, so you cannot use them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-262">Mais bien sûr, les fichiers se trouvent toujours dans, bien que de manière plus limitée.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-262">But of course, files are still in, albeit in a more limited fashion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-263">Les événements sont également disponibles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-263">Events are also available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-264">**Communication via des fichiers**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-264">**Communicating via files**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-265">La plupart de vos données sont susceptibles de passer entre la DLL du profileur et l’interface utilisateur du profileur via des fichiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-265">Most of your data will likely pass between the Profiler DLL and Profiler UI via files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-266">La clé consiste à choisir un emplacement de fichier qui, à la fois, la DLL du profileur (dans le contexte d’une application du Windows Store) et l’interface utilisateur du profileur ont accès en lecture et en écriture à.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-266">The key is to pick a file location that both your Profiler DLL (in the context of a Windows Store app) and Profiler UI have read and write access to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-267">Par exemple, le chemin d’accès au dossier temporaire est un emplacement accessible à la fois à la DLL du profileur et à l’interface utilisateur du profileur, mais aucun autre package d’application du Windows Store ne peut accéder (protégeant ainsi toutes les informations que vous consignez à partir d’autres packages d’applications du Windows Store).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-267">For example, the Temporary Folder path is a location that both your Profiler DLL and Profiler UI can access, but no other Windows Store app package can access (thus shielding any information you log from other Windows Store app packages).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-268">L’interface utilisateur du profileur et la DLL du profileur peuvent déterminer ce chemin d’accès indépendamment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-268">Both your Profiler UI and Profiler DLL can determine this path independently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-269">L’interface utilisateur de votre profileur, lorsqu’elle itère au sein de tous les packages installés pour l’utilisateur actuel (Voir l’exemple de code précédent), obtient l’accès à la classe `PackageId`, à partir de laquelle le chemin d’accès au dossier temporaire peut être dérivé avec du code similaire à cet extrait de code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-269">Your Profiler UI, when it iterates through all packages installed for the current user (see the sample code earlier), gets access to the `PackageId` class, from which the Temporary Folder path can be derived with code similar to this snippet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-270">(Comme toujours, la vérification des erreurs est omise par souci de concision.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-270">(As always, error checking is omitted for brevity.)</span></span>

```csharp
// C# code for the Profiler UI.
ApplicationData appData =
    ApplicationDataManager.CreateForPackageFamily(
        packageId.FamilyName);

tempDir = appData.TemporaryFolder.Path;
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-271">Pendant ce temps, votre DLL de profileur peut faire la même chose, bien qu’il puisse accéder plus facilement à la classe <xref:Windows.Storage.ApplicationData> à l’aide de la propriété [ApplicationData. Current](xref:Windows.Storage.ApplicationData.Current%2A) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-271">Meanwhile, your Profiler DLL can do basically the same thing, though it can more easily get to the <xref:Windows.Storage.ApplicationData> class by using the [ApplicationData.Current](xref:Windows.Storage.ApplicationData.Current%2A) property.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-272">**Communication via des événements**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-272">**Communicating via events**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-273">Si vous souhaitez une sémantique de signalisation simple entre votre interface utilisateur du profileur et la DLL du profileur, vous pouvez utiliser des événements dans les applications du Windows Store ainsi que les applications de bureau.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-273">If you want simple signaling semantics between your Profiler UI and Profiler DLL, you can use events inside Windows Store apps as well as desktop apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-274">À partir de votre DLL du profileur, vous pouvez simplement appeler la fonction [CreateEventEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-createeventexa) pour créer un événement nommé portant le nom de votre choix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-274">From your Profiler DLL, you can simply call the [CreateEventEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-createeventexa) function to create a named event with any name you like.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-275">Exemple :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-275">For example:</span></span>

```cpp
// Profiler DLL in Windows Store app (C++).
CreateEventEx(
    NULL,  // Not inherited
    "MyNamedEvent"
    CREATE_EVENT_MANUAL_RESET, /* explicit ResetEvent() required; leave initial state unsignaled */
    EVENT_ALL_ACCESS);
```

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-276">L’interface utilisateur du profileur doit alors trouver cet événement nommé sous l’espace de noms de l’application Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-276">Your Profiler UI then needs to find that named event under the Windows Store app’s namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-277">Par exemple, votre interface utilisateur du profileur peut appeler [CreateEventEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-createeventexa), en spécifiant le nom de l’événement comme</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-277">For example, your Profiler UI could call [CreateEventEx](/windows/desktop/api/synchapi/nf-synchapi-createeventexa), specifying the event name as</span></span>

`AppContainerNamedObjects\<acSid>\MyNamedEvent`

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-278">`<acSid>` est le SID AppContainer de l’application Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-278">`<acSid>` is the Windows Store app’s AppContainer SID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-279">Une section précédente de cette rubrique a montré comment effectuer une itération sur les packages installés pour l’utilisateur actuel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-279">An earlier section of this topic showed how to iterate over the packages installed for the current user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-280">À partir de cet exemple de code, vous pouvez obtenir packageId.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-280">From that sample code, you can obtain the packageId.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-281">Et à partir du packageId, vous pouvez obtenir le `<acSid>` avec un code similaire à ce qui suit :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-281">And from the packageId, you can obtain the `<acSid>` with code similar to the following:</span></span>

```csharp
IntPtr acPSID;
DeriveAppContainerSidFromAppContainerName(packageId.FamilyName, out acPSID);

string acSid;
ConvertSidToStringSid(acPSID, out acSid);

string acDir;
GetAppContainerFolderPath(acSid, out acDir);
```

### <a name="no-shutdown-notifications"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-282">Aucune notification d’arrêt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-282">No shutdown notifications</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-283">En cas d’exécution dans une application du Windows Store, votre DLL du profileur ne doit pas s’appuyer sur [ICorProfilerCallback :: Shutdown](icorprofilercallback-shutdown-method.md) ou même [DllMain](/windows/desktop/Dlls/dllmain) (avec `DLL_PROCESS_DETACH`) appelé pour informer votre dll du profileur que l’application du Windows Store est en cours de fermeture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-283">When running inside a Windows Store app, your Profiler DLL should not rely on either [ICorProfilerCallback::Shutdown](icorprofilercallback-shutdown-method.md) or even [DllMain](/windows/desktop/Dlls/dllmain) (with `DLL_PROCESS_DETACH`) being called to notify your Profiler DLL that the Windows Store app is exiting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-284">En fait, vous devez vous attendre à ce qu’elles ne soient jamais appelées.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-284">In fact, you should expect they will never be called.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-285">Historiquement, de nombreuses dll du profileur ont utilisé ces notifications comme des emplacements pratiques pour vider les caches sur le disque, fermer les fichiers, envoyer des notifications à l’interface utilisateur du profileur, etc. Mais maintenant, votre DLL de profileur doit être organisée un peu différemment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-285">Historically, many Profiler DLLs have used those notifications as convenient places to flush caches to disk, close files, send notifications back to the Profiler UI, etc. But now your Profiler DLL needs to be organized a little differently.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-286">Votre DLL du profileur doit enregistrer les informations au fur et à mesure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-286">Your Profiler DLL should be logging information as it goes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-287">Pour des raisons de performances, vous souhaiterez peut-être traiter les informations en mémoire et les vider sur le disque à mesure que la taille du lot dépasse un certain seuil.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-287">For performance reasons, you may want to batch information in memory and flush it to disk as the batch grows in size past some threshold.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-288">Mais supposons que toutes les informations qui n’ont pas encore été vidées sur le disque peuvent être perdues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-288">But assume that any information not yet flushed to disk can be lost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-289">Cela signifie que vous pouvez choisir votre seuil avec prudence et que votre interface utilisateur du profileur doit être renforcée pour traiter les informations incomplètes écrites par la DLL du profileur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-289">This means you’ll want to pick your threshold wisely, and that your Profiler UI needs to be hardened to deal with incomplete information written by the Profiler DLL.</span></span>

## <a name="windows-runtime-metadata-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-290">Windows Runtime les fichiers de métadonnées</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-290">Windows Runtime metadata files</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-291">Ce document ne décrit pas en détail les fichiers de métadonnées de Windows Runtime (WinMD).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-291">It is outside the scope of this document to go into detail on what Windows Runtime metadata (WinMD) files are.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-292">Cette section est limitée à la façon dont l’API de profilage CLR réagit lorsque des fichiers WinMD sont chargés par l’application du Windows Store que votre DLL du profileur analyse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-292">This section is limited to how the CLR Profiling API reacts when WinMD files are loaded by the Windows Store app your Profiler DLL is analyzing.</span></span>

### <a name="managed-and-non-managed-winmds"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-293">Winmd géré et non géré</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-293">Managed and non-managed WinMDs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-294">Si un développeur utilise Visual Studio pour créer un projet de composant Windows Runtime, une build de ce projet produit un fichier WinMD qui décrit les métadonnées (les descriptions de type des classes, les interfaces, etc.) créées par le développeur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-294">If a developer uses Visual Studio to create a new Windows Runtime Component project, a build of that project produces a WinMD file that describes the metadata (the type descriptions of classes, interfaces, etc.) authored by the developer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-295">Si ce projet est un projet de langage managé écrit C# en ou vb, ce même fichier WinMD contient également l’implémentation de ces types (ce qui signifie qu’il contient tout le langage intermédiaire compilé à partir du code source du développeur).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-295">If this project is a managed language project written in C# or VB, that same WinMD file also contains the implementation of those types (meaning that it contains all the IL compiled from the developer’s source code).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-296">Ces fichiers sont appelés fichiers WinMD gérés.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-296">Such files are known as managed WinMD files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-297">Ils sont intéressants en ce sens qu’ils contiennent à la fois les métadonnées Windows Runtime et l’implémentation sous-jacente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-297">They're interesting in that they contain both Windows Runtime metadata and the underlying implementation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-298">En revanche, si un développeur crée un projet de composant Windows Runtime C++pour, une build de ce projet produit un fichier WinMD qui contient uniquement des métadonnées, et l’implémentation est compilée dans une DLL native distincte.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-298">In contrast, if a developer creates a Windows Runtime Component project for C++, a build of that project produces a WinMD file that contains only metadata, and the implementation is compiled into a separate native DLL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-299">De même, les fichiers WinMD fournis dans le SDK Windows contiennent uniquement des métadonnées, l’implémentation étant compilée dans des DLL natives distinctes fournies dans le cadre de Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-299">Similarly, the WinMD files that ship in the Windows SDK contain only metadata, with the implementation compiled into separate native DLLs that ship as part of Windows.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-300">Les informations ci-dessous s’appliquent aux Winmd gérés, qui contiennent des métadonnées et de l’implémentation, et à des Winmd non managés qui contiennent uniquement des métadonnées.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-300">The information below applies to both managed WinMDs, which contain metadata and implementation, and to non-managed WinMDs, which contain only metadata.</span></span>

### <a name="winmd-files-look-like-clr-modules"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-301">Les fichiers WinMD ressemblent à des modules CLR</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-301">WinMD files look like CLR modules</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-302">En ce qui concerne le CLR, tous les fichiers WinMD sont des modules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-302">As far as the CLR is concerned, all WinMD files are modules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-303">L’API de profilage CLR indique donc à votre DLL de profileur lorsque les fichiers WinMD sont chargés et ce que leurs ModuleID sont, de la même façon que pour les autres modules managés.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-303">The CLR Profiling API therefore tells your Profiler DLL when WinMD files load and what their ModuleIDs are, in the same way as for other managed modules.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-304">Votre DLL du profileur peut distinguer les fichiers WinMD d’autres modules en appelant la méthode [ICorProfilerInfo3 :: GetModuleInfo2,](icorprofilerinfo3-getmoduleinfo2-method.md) et en inspectant le paramètre de sortie `pdwModuleFlags` pour l’indicateur [COR_PRF_MODULE_WINDOWS_RUNTIME](cor-prf-module-flags-enumeration.md) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-304">Your Profiler DLL can distinguish WinMD files from other modules by calling the [ICorProfilerInfo3::GetModuleInfo2](icorprofilerinfo3-getmoduleinfo2-method.md) method and inspecting the `pdwModuleFlags` output parameter for the [COR_PRF_MODULE_WINDOWS_RUNTIME](cor-prf-module-flags-enumeration.md) flag.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-305">(Il est défini si et uniquement si le ModuleID représente un WinMD.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-305">(It’s set if and only if the ModuleID represents a WinMD.)</span></span>

### <a name="reading-metadata-from-winmds"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-306">Lecture des métadonnées à partir de Winmd</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-306">Reading metadata from WinMDs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-307">Les fichiers WinMD, comme les modules standard, contiennent des métadonnées qui peuvent être lues via les [API de métadonnées](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-307">WinMD files, like regular modules, contain metadata that can be read via the [Metadata APIs](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/index.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-308">Toutefois, le CLR mappe Windows Runtime types aux types de .NET Framework lorsqu’il lit les fichiers WinMD afin que les développeurs qui programment dans du code managé et consomment le fichier WinMD peuvent avoir une expérience de programmation plus naturelle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-308">However, the CLR maps Windows Runtime types to .NET Framework types when it reads WinMD files so that developers who program in managed code and consume the WinMD file can have a more natural programming experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-309">Pour obtenir des exemples de ces mappages, consultez [.NET Framework la prise en charge des applications et des Windows Runtime du Windows Store](../../../standard/cross-platform/support-for-windows-store-apps-and-windows-runtime.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-309">For some examples of these mappings, see [.NET Framework Support for Windows Store Apps and Windows Runtime](../../../standard/cross-platform/support-for-windows-store-apps-and-windows-runtime.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-310">Par conséquent, quelle vue votre profileur obtiendra-t-il lorsqu’il utilise les API de métadonnées : la vue brute Windows Runtime ou la vue de .NET Framework mappée ?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-310">So which view will your profiler get when it uses the metadata APIs: the raw Windows Runtime view, or the mapped .NET Framework view?</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-311">Réponse : c’est à vous de faire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-311">The answer: it’s up to you.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-312">Quand vous appelez la méthode [ICorProfilerInfo :: GetModuleMetaData,](icorprofilerinfo-getmodulemetadata-method.md) sur un WinMD pour obtenir une interface de métadonnées, telle que [IMetaDataImport](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadataimport-interface.md), vous pouvez choisir de définir [ofNoTransform](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/coropenflags-enumeration.md) dans le paramètre `dwOpenFlags` pour désactiver ce mappage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-312">When you call the [ICorProfilerInfo::GetModuleMetaData](icorprofilerinfo-getmodulemetadata-method.md) method on a WinMD to obtain a metadata interface, such as [IMetaDataImport](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadataimport-interface.md),  you can choose to set [ofNoTransform](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/coropenflags-enumeration.md) in the `dwOpenFlags` parameter to turn off this mapping.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-313">Dans le cas contraire, le mappage est activé par défaut.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-313">Otherwise, by default, the mapping will be enabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-314">En règle générale, un profileur garde le mappage activé, afin que les chaînes obtenues par la DLL du profileur à partir des métadonnées WinMD (par exemple, les noms des types) semblent familières et naturelles pour l’utilisateur du profileur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-314">Typically, a profiler will keep the mapping enabled, so that the strings that the Profiler DLL obtains from the WinMD metadata (for example, names of types) will look familiar and natural to the profiler user.</span></span>

### <a name="modifying-metadata-from-winmds"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-315">Modification des métadonnées à partir de Winmd</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-315">Modifying metadata from WinMDs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-316">La modification des métadonnées dans Winmd n’est pas prise en charge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-316">Modifying metadata in WinMDs is not supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-317">Si vous appelez la méthode [ICorProfilerInfo :: GetModuleMetaData,](icorprofilerinfo-getmodulemetadata-method.md) pour un fichier WinMD et spécifiez [ofWrite](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/coropenflags-enumeration.md) dans le paramètre `dwOpenFlags` ou demandez une interface de métadonnées accessible en écriture comme [IMetaDataEmit](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadataemit-interface.md), [GetModuleMetaData,](icorprofilerinfo-getmodulemetadata-method.md) échouera.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-317">If you call the [ICorProfilerInfo::GetModuleMetaData](icorprofilerinfo-getmodulemetadata-method.md) method for a WinMD file and specify [ofWrite](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/coropenflags-enumeration.md) in the `dwOpenFlags` parameter or ask for a writeable metadata interface such as [IMetaDataEmit](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadataemit-interface.md), [GetModuleMetaData](icorprofilerinfo-getmodulemetadata-method.md) will fail.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-318">Cela revêt une importance particulière pour les profileurs de réécriture de l’IL, qui doivent modifier les métadonnées pour prendre en charge leur instrumentation (par exemple, pour ajouter AssemblyRefs ou de nouvelles méthodes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-318">This is of particular importance to IL-rewriting profilers, which need to modify metadata to support their instrumentation (for example, to add AssemblyRefs or new methods).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-319">Vous devez donc rechercher d’abord [COR_PRF_MODULE_WINDOWS_RUNTIME](cor-prf-module-flags-enumeration.md) (comme indiqué dans la section précédente) et vous abstenir de demander des interfaces de métadonnées accessibles en écriture sur de tels modules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-319">So you should check for [COR_PRF_MODULE_WINDOWS_RUNTIME](cor-prf-module-flags-enumeration.md) first (as discussed in the previous section) and refrain from asking for writeable metadata interfaces on such modules.</span></span>

### <a name="resolving-assembly-references-with-winmds"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-320">Résolution des références d’assembly avec Winmd</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-320">Resolving assembly references with WinMDs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-321">De nombreux profileurs doivent résoudre les références de métadonnées manuellement pour faciliter l’instrumentation ou l’inspection de type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-321">Many profilers need to resolve metadata references manually to aid with instrumentation or type inspection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-322">De tels profileurs doivent être conscients de la façon dont le CLR résout les références d’assembly qui pointent vers Winmd, car ces références sont résolues de façon complètement différente des références d’assembly standard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-322">Such profilers need to be aware of how the CLR resolves assembly references that point to WinMDs, because those references are resolved in a completely different way than standard assembly references.</span></span>

## <a name="memory-profilers"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-323">Profileurs de mémoire</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-323">Memory profilers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-324">Le garbage collector et le tas managé ne sont pas fondamentalement différents dans une application du Windows Store et dans une application de bureau.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-324">The garbage collector and managed heap are not fundamentally different in a Windows Store app and a desktop app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-325">Toutefois, il existe quelques différences subtiles que les auteurs du profileur doivent connaître.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-325">However, there are some subtle differences that profiler authors need to be aware of.</span></span>

### <a name="forcegc-creates-a-managed-thread"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-326">ForceGC, crée un thread managé</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-326">ForceGC creates a managed thread</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-327">Lors du profilage de la mémoire, la DLL de votre profileur crée généralement un thread distinct à partir duquel appeler la méthode de [méthode ForceGC,](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-327">When doing memory profiling, your Profiler DLL typically creates a separate thread from which to call the [ForceGC Method](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-328">Ce n’est rien de nouveau.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-328">This is nothing new.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-329">Mais ce qui peut être surprenant, c’est que l’acte d’effectuer un garbage collection dans une application du Windows Store peut transformer votre thread en thread managé (par exemple, un objet de profilage de l’API de profilage sera créé pour ce thread).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-329">But what might be surprising is that the act of doing a garbage collection inside a Windows Store app may transform your thread into a managed thread (for example, a Profiling API ThreadID will be created for that thread).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-330">Pour comprendre les conséquences de cette opération, il est important de comprendre les différences entre les appels synchrones et asynchrones, comme défini par l’API de profilage CLR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-330">To understand the consequences of this, it’s important to understand the differences between synchronous and asynchronous calls as defined by the CLR Profiling API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-331">Notez que cela est très différent du concept des appels asynchrones dans les applications du Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-331">Note that this is very different from the concept of asynchronous calls in Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-332">Pour plus d’informations, consultez le billet de blog [CORPROF_E_UNSUPPORTED_CALL_SEQUENCE](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/davbr/2008/12/23/why-we-have-corprof_e_unsupported_call_sequence/) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-332">See the blog post [Why we have CORPROF_E_UNSUPPORTED_CALL_SEQUENCE](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/davbr/2008/12/23/why-we-have-corprof_e_unsupported_call_sequence/) for more information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-333">Le point pertinent est que les appels effectués sur les threads créés par votre profileur sont toujours considérés comme synchrones, même si ces appels sont effectués à partir de l’extérieur d’une implémentation de l’une des méthodes [ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md) de votre dll de profileur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-333">The relevant point is that calls made on threads created by your profiler are always considered synchronous, even if those calls are made from outside an implementation of one of your Profiler DLL’s [ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md) methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-334">Au moins, qui était le cas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-334">At least, that used to be the case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-335">Maintenant que le CLR a converti le thread de votre profileur en thread managé en raison de votre appel à la [méthode ForceGC,](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md), ce thread n’est plus considéré comme le thread de votre profileur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-335">Now that the CLR has turned your profiler’s thread into a managed thread because of your call to [ForceGC Method](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md), that thread is no longer considered your profiler’s thread.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-336">As such, the CLR enforces a more stringent definition of what qualifies as synchronous for that thread—namely that a call must originate from inside one of your Profiler DLL’s [ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md) methods to qualify as synchronous.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-336">As such, the CLR enforces a more stringent definition of what qualifies as synchronous for that thread—namely that a call must originate from inside one of your Profiler DLL’s [ICorProfilerCallback](icorprofilercallback-interface.md) methods to qualify as synchronous.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-337">What does this mean in practice?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-337">What does this mean in practice?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-338">Most [ICorProfilerInfo](icorprofilerinfo-interface.md) methods are only safe to be called synchronously, and will immediately fail otherwise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-338">Most [ICorProfilerInfo](icorprofilerinfo-interface.md) methods are only safe to be called synchronously, and will immediately fail otherwise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-339">So if your Profiler DLL reuses your [ForceGC Method](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md) thread for other calls typically made on profiler-created threads (for example, to [RequestProfilerDetach](icorprofilerinfo3-requestprofilerdetach-method.md), [RequestReJIT](icorprofilerinfo4-requestrejit-method.md), or [RequestRevert](icorprofilerinfo4-requestrevert-method.md)), you’re going to have trouble.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-339">So if your Profiler DLL reuses your [ForceGC Method](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md) thread for other calls typically made on profiler-created threads (for example, to [RequestProfilerDetach](icorprofilerinfo3-requestprofilerdetach-method.md), [RequestReJIT](icorprofilerinfo4-requestrejit-method.md), or [RequestRevert](icorprofilerinfo4-requestrevert-method.md)), you’re going to have trouble.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-340">Even an asynchronous-safe function such as [DoStackSnapshot](icorprofilerinfo2-dostacksnapshot-method.md) has special rules when called from managed threads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-340">Even an asynchronous-safe function such as [DoStackSnapshot](icorprofilerinfo2-dostacksnapshot-method.md) has special rules when called from managed threads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-341">(See the blog post [Profiler stack walking: Basics and beyond](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/davbr/2005/10/06/profiler-stack-walking-basics-and-beyond/) for more information.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-341">(See the blog post [Profiler stack walking: Basics and beyond](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/davbr/2005/10/06/profiler-stack-walking-basics-and-beyond/) for more information.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-342">Therefore, we recommend that any thread your Profiler DLL creates to call [ForceGC Method](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md) should be used *only* for the purpose of triggering GCs and then responding to the GC callbacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-342">Therefore, we recommend that any thread your Profiler DLL creates to call [ForceGC Method](icorprofilerinfo-forcegc-method.md) should be used *only* for the purpose of triggering GCs and then responding to the GC callbacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-343">It should not call into the Profiling API to perform other tasks like stack sampling or detaching.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-343">It should not call into the Profiling API to perform other tasks like stack sampling or detaching.</span></span>

### <a name="conditionalweaktablereferences"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-344">ConditionalWeakTableReferences</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-344">ConditionalWeakTableReferences</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-345">Starting with the .NET Framework 4.5, there is a new GC callback, [ConditionalWeakTableElementReferences](icorprofilercallback5-conditionalweaktableelementreferences-method.md), which gives the profiler more complete information about *dependent handles*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-345">Starting with the .NET Framework 4.5, there is a new GC callback, [ConditionalWeakTableElementReferences](icorprofilercallback5-conditionalweaktableelementreferences-method.md), which gives the profiler more complete information about *dependent handles*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-346">These handles effectively add a reference from a source object to a target object for the purpose of GC lifetime management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-346">These handles effectively add a reference from a source object to a target object for the purpose of GC lifetime management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-347">Dependent handles are nothing new, and developers who program in managed code have been able to create their own dependent handles by using the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.ConditionalWeakTable%602?displayProperty=nameWithType> class even before Windows 8 and the .NET Framework 4.5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-347">Dependent handles are nothing new, and developers who program in managed code have been able to create their own dependent handles by using the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.ConditionalWeakTable%602?displayProperty=nameWithType> class even before Windows 8 and the .NET Framework 4.5.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-348">However, managed XAML Windows Store apps now make heavy use of dependent handles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-348">However, managed XAML Windows Store apps now make heavy use of dependent handles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-349">In particular, the CLR uses them to aid with managing reference cycles between managed objects and unmanaged Windows Runtime objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-349">In particular, the CLR uses them to aid with managing reference cycles between managed objects and unmanaged Windows Runtime objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-350">This means that it’s more important now than ever for memory profilers to be informed of these dependent handles so that they can be visualized along with the rest of the edges in the heap graph.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-350">This means that it’s more important now than ever for memory profilers to be informed of these dependent handles so that they can be visualized along with the rest of the edges in the heap graph.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-351">Your Profiler DLL should use [RootReferences2](icorprofilercallback2-rootreferences2-method.md), [ObjectReferences](icorprofilercallback-objectreferences-method.md), and [ConditionalWeakTableElementReferences](icorprofilercallback5-conditionalweaktableelementreferences-method.md) together to form a complete view of the heap graph.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-351">Your Profiler DLL should use [RootReferences2](icorprofilercallback2-rootreferences2-method.md), [ObjectReferences](icorprofilercallback-objectreferences-method.md), and [ConditionalWeakTableElementReferences](icorprofilercallback5-conditionalweaktableelementreferences-method.md) together to form a complete view of the heap graph.</span></span>

## <a name="conclusion"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-352">Conclusion</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-352">Conclusion</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-353">It is possible to use the CLR Profiling API to analyze managed code running inside Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-353">It is possible to use the CLR Profiling API to analyze managed code running inside Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-354">In fact, you can take an existing profiler that you’re developing and make some specific changes so that it can target Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-354">In fact, you can take an existing profiler that you’re developing and make some specific changes so that it can target Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-355">Your Profiler UI should use the new APIs for activating the Windows Store app in debugging mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-355">Your Profiler UI should use the new APIs for activating the Windows Store app in debugging mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-356">Make sure that your Profiler DLL consumes only those APIs applicable for Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-356">Make sure that your Profiler DLL consumes only those APIs applicable for Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-357">The communication mechanism between your Profiler DLL and Profiler UI should be written with the Windows Store app API restrictions in mind and with awareness of the restricted permissions in place for Windows Store apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-357">The communication mechanism between your Profiler DLL and Profiler UI should be written with the Windows Store app API restrictions in mind and with awareness of the restricted permissions in place for Windows Store apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2de3-358">Your Profiler DLL should be aware of how the CLR treats WinMDs, and how the Garbage Collector’s behavior is different with respect to managed threads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-358">Your Profiler DLL should be aware of how the CLR treats WinMDs, and how the Garbage Collector’s behavior is different with respect to managed threads.</span></span>

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2de3-359">Ressources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-359">Resources</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-360">**The Common Language Runtime**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-360">**The Common Language Runtime**</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-361">Profiling (Unmanaged API Reference)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-361">Profiling (Unmanaged API Reference)</span></span>](index.md)

- [<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-362">Metadata (Unmanaged API Reference)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-362">Metadata (Unmanaged API Reference)</span></span>](../metadata/index.md)

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-363">**The CLR's interaction with the Windows Runtime**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-363">**The CLR's interaction with the Windows Runtime**</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-364">Prise en charge .NET Framework pour les applications Windows Store et Windows Runtime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-364">.NET Framework Support for Windows Store Apps and Windows Runtime</span></span>](../../../standard/cross-platform/support-for-windows-store-apps-and-windows-runtime.md)

<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-365">**Applications Windows Store**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-365">**Windows Store apps**</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-366">File access and permissions (Windows Runtime apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-366">File access and permissions (Windows Runtime apps</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/hh967755%28v=win.10%29)

- [<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-367">Obtenir une licence de développeur</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-367">Get a developer license</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/hh974578%28v=win.10%29)

- [<span data-ttu-id="c2de3-368">IPackageDebugSettings Interface</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2de3-368">IPackageDebugSettings Interface</span></span>](/windows/desktop/api/shobjidl_core/nn-shobjidl_core-ipackagedebugsettings)
