---
title: Prise en charge .NET Framework pour les applications Windows Store et Windows Runtime
ms.date: 03/30/2017
ms.technology: dotnet-standard
helpviewer_keywords:
- Windows Store apps, .NET Framework support for
- Windows Runtime, .NET Framework support for
- .NET for Windows Store apps
- .NET Framework, and Windows Store apps
- .NET Framework, and Windows Runtime
ms.assetid: 6fa7d044-ae12-4c54-b8ee-50915607a565
author: mairaw
ms.author: mairaw
ms.openlocfilehash: 15d6262fb5e7dfb99759f0f85c9a197157713300
ms.sourcegitcommit: 81ad1f09b93f3b3e6706a7f2e4ddf50ef229ea3d
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: fr-FR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/20/2019
ms.locfileid: "74204953"
---
# <a name="net-framework-support-for-windows-store-apps-and-windows-runtime"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-102">Prise en charge .NET Framework pour les applications Windows Store et Windows Runtime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-102">.NET Framework Support for Windows Store Apps and Windows Runtime</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-103">The .NET Framework 4.5 supports a number of software development scenarios with the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-103">The .NET Framework 4.5 supports a number of software development scenarios with the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-104">Ces scénarios se répartissent en trois catégories :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-104">These scenarios fall into three categories:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-105">Developing Windows 8.x Store apps with XAML controls, as described in [Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10)), [How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10)), and [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-105">Developing Windows 8.x Store apps with XAML controls, as described in [Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10)), [How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10)), and [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-106">Developing class libraries to use in the Windows 8.x Store apps that you create with the .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-106">Developing class libraries to use in the Windows 8.x Store apps that you create with the .NET Framework.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-107">Developing Windows Runtime Components, packaged in .WinMD files, which can be used by any programming language that supports the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-107">Developing Windows Runtime Components, packaged in .WinMD files, which can be used by any programming language that supports the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-108">For example, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-108">For example, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-109">This topic outlines the support that the .NET Framework provides for all three categories, and describes the scenarios for Windows Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-109">This topic outlines the support that the .NET Framework provides for all three categories, and describes the scenarios for Windows Runtime Components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-110">The first section includes basic information about the relationship between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, and explains some oddities you might encounter in the Help system and the IDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-110">The first section includes basic information about the relationship between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, and explains some oddities you might encounter in the Help system and the IDE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-111">The [second section](#WindowsRuntimeComponents) discusses scenarios for developing Windows Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-111">The [second section](#WindowsRuntimeComponents) discusses scenarios for developing Windows Runtime Components.</span></span>

## <a name="the-basics"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-112">Principes de base</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-112">The Basics</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-113">The .NET Framework supports the three development scenarios listed earlier by providing [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], and by supporting the Windows Runtime itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-113">The .NET Framework supports the three development scenarios listed earlier by providing [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], and by supporting the Windows Runtime itself.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-114">[.NET Framework and Windows Runtime namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)#net-framework-and-windows-runtime-namespaces) provides a streamlined view of the .NET Framework class libraries and include only the types and members you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-114">[.NET Framework and Windows Runtime namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)#net-framework-and-windows-runtime-namespaces) provides a streamlined view of the .NET Framework class libraries and include only the types and members you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows Runtime Components.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="52529-115">When you use Visual Studio (Visual Studio 2012 or later) to develop a Windows 8.x Store app or a Windows Runtime component, a set of reference assemblies ensures that you see only the relevant types and members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-115">When you use Visual Studio (Visual Studio 2012 or later) to develop a Windows 8.x Store app or a Windows Runtime component, a set of reference assemblies ensures that you see only the relevant types and members.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="52529-116">This streamlined API set is simplified further by the removal of features that are duplicated within the .NET Framework or that duplicate Windows Runtime features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-116">This streamlined API set is simplified further by the removal of features that are duplicated within the .NET Framework or that duplicate Windows Runtime features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-117">For example, it contains only the generic versions of collection types, and the XML document object model is eliminated in favor of the Windows Runtime XML API set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-117">For example, it contains only the generic versions of collection types, and the XML document object model is eliminated in favor of the Windows Runtime XML API set.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="52529-118">Features that simply wrap the operating system API are also removed, because the Windows Runtime is easy to call from managed code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-118">Features that simply wrap the operating system API are also removed, because the Windows Runtime is easy to call from managed code.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="52529-119">To read more about the [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], see the [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-119">To read more about the [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], see the [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-120">To read about the API selection process, see the [.NET for Metro style apps](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-for-metro-style-apps/) entry in the .NET blog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-120">To read about the API selection process, see the [.NET for Metro style apps](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-for-metro-style-apps/) entry in the .NET blog.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-121">The [Windows Runtime](/uwp/api/) provides the user interface elements for building Windows 8.x Store apps, and provides access to operating system features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-121">The [Windows Runtime](/uwp/api/) provides the user interface elements for building Windows 8.x Store apps, and provides access to operating system features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-122">Like the .NET Framework, the Windows Runtime has metadata that enables the C# and Visual Basic compilers to use the Windows Runtime the way they use the .NET Framework class libraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-122">Like the .NET Framework, the Windows Runtime has metadata that enables the C# and Visual Basic compilers to use the Windows Runtime the way they use the .NET Framework class libraries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-123">The .NET Framework makes it easier to use the Windows Runtime by hiding some differences:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-123">The .NET Framework makes it easier to use the Windows Runtime by hiding some differences:</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="52529-124">Some differences in programming patterns between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, such as the pattern for adding and removing event handlers, are hidden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-124">Some differences in programming patterns between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, such as the pattern for adding and removing event handlers, are hidden.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-125">Vous utilisez simplement le modèle .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-125">You simply use the .NET Framework pattern.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="52529-126">Certaines différences dans les types couramment utilisés (par exemple les collections et les types primitifs) sont masquées.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-126">Some differences in commonly used types (for example, primitive types and collections) are hidden.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-127">You simply use the .NET Framework type, as discussed in [Differences That Are Visible in the IDE](#DifferencesVisibleInIDE), later in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-127">You simply use the .NET Framework type, as discussed in [Differences That Are Visible in the IDE](#DifferencesVisibleInIDE), later in this article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-128">Most of the time, .NET Framework support for the Windows Runtime is transparent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-128">Most of the time, .NET Framework support for the Windows Runtime is transparent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-129">The next section discusses some of the apparent differences between managed code and the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-129">The next section discusses some of the apparent differences between managed code and the Windows Runtime.</span></span>

<a name="AboutReferenceDocumentation"></a>

### <a name="the-net-framework-and-the-windows-runtime-reference-documentation"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-130">The .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime Reference Documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-130">The .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime Reference Documentation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-131">The Windows Runtime and the .NET Framework documentation sets are separate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-131">The Windows Runtime and the .NET Framework documentation sets are separate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-132">Si vous appuyez sur F1 pour afficher l’aide sur un type ou un membre, la documentation de référence de l’ensemble approprié s’affiche.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-132">If you press F1 to display Help on a type or member, reference documentation from the appropriate set is displayed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-133">However, if you browse through the [Windows Runtime reference](/uwp/api/) you might encounter examples that seem puzzling:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-133">However, if you browse through the [Windows Runtime reference](/uwp/api/) you might encounter examples that seem puzzling:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-134">Topics such as the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Collections.IIterable%601> interface don't have declaration syntax for Visual Basic or C#.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-134">Topics such as the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Collections.IIterable%601> interface don't have declaration syntax for Visual Basic or C#.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-135">Instead, a note appears above the syntax section (in this case, ".NET: This interface appears as System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable\<T>").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-135">Instead, a note appears above the syntax section (in this case, ".NET: This interface appears as System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable\<T>").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-136">This is because the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime provide similar functionality with different interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-136">This is because the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime provide similar functionality with different interfaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-137">En outre, il existe des différences de comportement : `IIterable` a une méthode `First` plutôt qu’une méthode <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601.GetEnumerator%2A> pour retourner l’énumérateur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-137">In addition, there are behavioral differences: `IIterable` has a `First` method instead of a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601.GetEnumerator%2A> method to return the enumerator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-138">Instead of forcing you to learn a different way of performing a common task, the .NET Framework supports the Windows Runtime by making your managed code appear to use the type you're familiar with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-138">Instead of forcing you to learn a different way of performing a common task, the .NET Framework supports the Windows Runtime by making your managed code appear to use the type you're familiar with.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-139">You won't see the `IIterable` interface in the IDE, and therefore the only way you'll encounter it in the Windows Runtime reference documentation is by browsing through that documentation directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-139">You won't see the `IIterable` interface in the IDE, and therefore the only way you'll encounter it in the Windows Runtime reference documentation is by browsing through that documentation directly.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-140">The <xref:Windows.Web.Syndication.SyndicationFeed.%23ctor(System.String,System.String,Windows.Foundation.Uri)> documentation illustrates a closely related issue: Its parameter types appear to be different for different languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-140">The <xref:Windows.Web.Syndication.SyndicationFeed.%23ctor(System.String,System.String,Windows.Foundation.Uri)> documentation illustrates a closely related issue: Its parameter types appear to be different for different languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-141">Pour C# et Visual Basic, les types de paramètres sont <xref:System.String?displayProperty=nameWithType> et <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-141">For C# and Visual Basic, the parameter types are <xref:System.String?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-142">Là encore, c’est parce que le .NET Framework a ses propres types `String` et `Uri`, et pour ces types couramment utilisés, il est inutile d’obliger les utilisateurs du .NET Framework à apprendre une autre manière de faire les choses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-142">Again, this is because the .NET Framework has its own `String` and `Uri` types, and for such commonly used types it doesn't make sense to force .NET Framework users to learn a different way of doing things.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-143">In the IDE, the .NET Framework hides the corresponding Windows Runtime types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-143">In the IDE, the .NET Framework hides the corresponding Windows Runtime types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-144">In a few cases, such as the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLength> structure, the .NET Framework provides a type with the same name but more functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-144">In a few cases, such as the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLength> structure, the .NET Framework provides a type with the same name but more functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-145">Par exemple, un ensemble de rubriques sur les constructeurs et les propriétés sont associées à `GridLength`, mais elles ont des blocs de syntaxe uniquement pour Visual Basic et C#, car les membres sont disponibles uniquement dans le code managé.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-145">For example, a set of constructor and property topics are associated with `GridLength`, but they have syntax blocks only for Visual Basic and C# because the members are available only in managed code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-146">In the Windows Runtime, structures have only fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-146">In the Windows Runtime, structures have only fields.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-147">The Windows Runtime structure requires a helper class, <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLengthHelper>, to provide equivalent functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-147">The Windows Runtime structure requires a helper class, <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLengthHelper>, to provide equivalent functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-148">Vous ne verrez par cette classe d’assistance dans l’IDE quand vous écrirez du code managé.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-148">You won't see that helper class in the IDE when you're writing managed code.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-149">In the IDE, Windows Runtime types appear to derive from <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-149">In the IDE, Windows Runtime types appear to derive from <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-150">Ils semblent avoir des membres hérités de <xref:System.Object>, tels que <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-150">They appear to have members inherited from <xref:System.Object>, such as <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-151">These members operate as they would if the types actually inherited from <xref:System.Object>, and Windows Runtime types can be cast to <xref:System.Object>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-151">These members operate as they would if the types actually inherited from <xref:System.Object>, and Windows Runtime types can be cast to <xref:System.Object>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-152">This functionality is part of the support that the .NET Framework provides for the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-152">This functionality is part of the support that the .NET Framework provides for the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-153">However, if you view the types in the Windows Runtime reference documentation, no such members appear.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-153">However, if you view the types in the Windows Runtime reference documentation, no such members appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-154">La documentation sur ces membres hérités apparents est fournie par la documentation de référence sur <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-154">The documentation for these apparent inherited members is provided by the <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType> reference documentation.</span></span>

<a name="DifferencesVisibleInIDE"></a>

### <a name="differences-that-are-visible-in-the-ide"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-155">Différences visibles dans l’IDE</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-155">Differences That Are Visible in the IDE</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-156">In more advanced programming scenarios, such as using a Windows Runtime component written in C# to provide the application logic for a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, such differences are apparent in the IDE as well as in the documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-156">In more advanced programming scenarios, such as using a Windows Runtime component written in C# to provide the application logic for a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, such differences are apparent in the IDE as well as in the documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-157">When your component returns an `IDictionary<int, string>` to JavaScript, and you look at it in the JavaScript debugger, you'll see the methods of `IMap<int, string>` because JavaScript uses the Windows Runtime type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-157">When your component returns an `IDictionary<int, string>` to JavaScript, and you look at it in the JavaScript debugger, you'll see the methods of `IMap<int, string>` because JavaScript uses the Windows Runtime type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-158">Certains types de collections fréquemment utilisés dont l’apparence est différente dans les deux langages sont répertoriés dans le tableau suivant :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-158">Some commonly used collection types that appear differently in the two languages are shown in the following table:</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="52529-159">Type Windows Runtime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-159">Windows Runtime type</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="52529-160">Type .NET Framework correspondant</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-160">Corresponding .NET Framework type</span></span>|
|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
|`IIterable<T>`|`IEnumerable<T>`|
|`IIterator<T>`|`IEnumerator<T>`|
|`IVector<T>`|`IList<T>`|
|`IVectorView<T>`|`IReadOnlyList<T>`|
|`IMap<K, V>`|`IDictionary<TKey, TValue>`|
|`IMapView<K, V>`|`IReadOnlyDictionary<TKey, TValue>`|
|`IBindableIterable`|`IEnumerable`|
|`IBindableVector`|`IList`|
|`Windows.UI.Xaml.Data.INotifyPropertyChanged`|`System.ComponentModel.INotifyPropertyChanged`|
|`Windows.UI.Xaml.Data.PropertyChangedEventHandler`|`System.ComponentModel.PropertyChangedEventHandler`|
|`Windows.UI.Xaml.Data.PropertyChangedEventArgs`|`System.ComponentModel.PropertyChangedEventArgs`|

<span data-ttu-id="52529-161">In the Windows Runtime, `IMap<K, V>` and `IMapView<K, V>` are iterated using `IKeyValuePair`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-161">In the Windows Runtime, `IMap<K, V>` and `IMapView<K, V>` are iterated using `IKeyValuePair`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-162">Lorsque vous les passez au code managé, ils apparaissent comme `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` et `IReadOnlyDictionary<TKey, TValue>`, donc bien sûr vous utilisez `System.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePair<TKey, TValue>` pour les énumérer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-162">When you pass them to managed code, they appear as `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` and `IReadOnlyDictionary<TKey, TValue>`, so naturally you use `System.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePair<TKey, TValue>` to enumerate them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-163">La façon dont les interfaces apparaissent dans le code managé affecte la façon dont les types qui implémentent ces interfaces apparaissent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-163">The way interfaces appear in managed code affects the way types that implement these interfaces appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-164">Par exemple, la classe `PropertySet` implémente `IMap<K, V>`, qui s'affiche dans le code managé sous la forme `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-164">For example, the `PropertySet` class implements `IMap<K, V>`, which appears in managed code as `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-165">`PropertySet` apparaît comme ayant implémenté `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` au lieu de `IMap<K, V>`, donc en code managé une méthode `Add` semble se comporter comme la méthode `Add` sur les dictionnaires .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-165">`PropertySet` appears as if it implemented `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` instead of `IMap<K, V>`, so in managed code it appears to have an `Add` method, which behaves like the `Add` method on .NET Framework dictionaries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-166">Il ne semble pas avoir de méthode `Insert`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-166">It doesn't appear to have an `Insert` method.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-167">For more information about using the .NET Framework to create a Windows Runtime component, and a walkthrough that shows how to use such a component with JavaScript, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-167">For more information about using the .NET Framework to create a Windows Runtime component, and a walkthrough that shows how to use such a component with JavaScript, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span></span>

### <a name="primitive-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-168">Types primitifs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-168">Primitive Types</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-169">To enable the natural use of the Windows Runtime in managed code, .NET Framework primitive types appear instead of Windows Runtime primitive types in your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-169">To enable the natural use of the Windows Runtime in managed code, .NET Framework primitive types appear instead of Windows Runtime primitive types in your code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-170">Dans le .NET Framework, les types primitifs, comme la structure `Int32` ont de nombreuses propriétés et méthodes utiles, telles que la méthode `Int32.TryParse`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-170">In the .NET Framework, primitive types like the `Int32` structure have many useful properties and methods, such as the `Int32.TryParse` method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-171">By contrast, primitive types and structures in the Windows Runtime have only fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-171">By contrast, primitive types and structures in the Windows Runtime have only fields.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-172">Quand vous utilisez des primitives dans du code managé, elles semblent être des types .NET Framework, et vous pouvez en utiliser les propriétés et les méthodes comme vous le faites habituellement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-172">When you use primitives in managed code, they appear to be .NET Framework types, and you can use the properties and methods of the .NET Framework types as you normally would.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-173">La liste suivante fournit un résumé :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-173">The following list provides a summary:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-174">For the Windows Runtime primitives `Int32`, `Int64`, `Single`, `Double`, `Boolean`, `String` (an immutable collection of Unicode characters), `Enum`, `UInt32`, `UInt64`, and `Guid`, use the type of the same name in the `System` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-174">For the Windows Runtime primitives `Int32`, `Int64`, `Single`, `Double`, `Boolean`, `String` (an immutable collection of Unicode characters), `Enum`, `UInt32`, `UInt64`, and `Guid`, use the type of the same name in the `System` namespace.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-175">Pour `UInt8`, utilisez `System.Byte`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-175">For `UInt8`, use `System.Byte`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-176">Pour `Char16`, utilisez `System.Char`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-176">For `Char16`, use `System.Char`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-177">Pour l'interface `IInspectable`, utilisez `System.Object`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-177">For the `IInspectable` interface, use `System.Object`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-178">Pour `HRESULT`, utilisez une structure avec un membre `System.Int32`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-178">For `HRESULT`, use a structure with one `System.Int32` member.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-179">As with interface types, the only time you might see evidence of this representation is when your .NET Framework project is a Windows Runtime component that is used by a Windows 8.x Store app built using JavaScript.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-179">As with interface types, the only time you might see evidence of this representation is when your .NET Framework project is a Windows Runtime component that is used by a Windows 8.x Store app built using JavaScript.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-180">Other basic, commonly used Windows Runtime types that appear in managed code as their .NET Framework equivalents include the `Windows.Foundation.DateTime` structure, which appears in managed code as the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure, and the `Windows.Foundation.TimeSpan` structure, which appears as the <xref:System.TimeSpan?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-180">Other basic, commonly used Windows Runtime types that appear in managed code as their .NET Framework equivalents include the `Windows.Foundation.DateTime` structure, which appears in managed code as the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure, and the `Windows.Foundation.TimeSpan` structure, which appears as the <xref:System.TimeSpan?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure.</span></span>

### <a name="other-differences"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-181">Autres différences</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-181">Other Differences</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-182">In a few cases, the fact that .NET Framework types appear in your code instead of Windows Runtime types requires action on your part.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-182">In a few cases, the fact that .NET Framework types appear in your code instead of Windows Runtime types requires action on your part.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-183">For example, the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> class appears as <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> in .NET Framework code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-183">For example, the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> class appears as <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> in .NET Framework code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-184"><xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> allows a relative URI, but <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> requires an absolute URI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-184"><xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> allows a relative URI, but <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> requires an absolute URI.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-185">Therefore, when you pass a URI to a Windows Runtime method, you must ensure that it's absolute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-185">Therefore, when you pass a URI to a Windows Runtime method, you must ensure that it's absolute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-186">See [Passing a URI to the Windows Runtime](../../../docs/standard/cross-platform/passing-a-uri-to-the-windows-runtime.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-186">See [Passing a URI to the Windows Runtime](../../../docs/standard/cross-platform/passing-a-uri-to-the-windows-runtime.md).</span></span>

<a name="WindowsRuntimeComponents"></a>

## <a name="scenarios-for-developing-windows-runtime-components"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-187">Scénarios pour le développement de composants Windows Runtime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-187">Scenarios for Developing Windows Runtime Components</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-188">The scenarios that are supported for managed Windows Runtime Components depend on the following general principles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-188">The scenarios that are supported for managed Windows Runtime Components depend on the following general principles:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-189">Windows Runtime Components that are built using the .NET Framework have no apparent differences from other Windows Runtimelibraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-189">Windows Runtime Components that are built using the .NET Framework have no apparent differences from other Windows Runtimelibraries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-190">For example, if you re-implement a native Windows Runtime component by using managed code, the two components are outwardly indistinguishable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-190">For example, if you re-implement a native Windows Runtime component by using managed code, the two components are outwardly indistinguishable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-191">Le fait que votre composant soit écrit en code managé est invisible pour le code qui l’utilise, même si celui-ci est managé.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-191">The fact that your component is written in managed code is invisible to the code that uses it, even if that code is itself managed code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-192">Cependant, en interne, votre composant constitue du vrai code managé et s’exécute sur le Common Language Runtime (CLR).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-192">However, internally, your component is true managed code and runs on the common language runtime (CLR).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-193">Components can contain types that implement application logic, Windows 8.x Store UI controls, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-193">Components can contain types that implement application logic, Windows 8.x Store UI controls, or both.</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="52529-194">Nous vous recommandons de séparer les éléments d’interface utilisateur de la logique d’application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-194">It's good practice to separate UI elements from application logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-195">Also, you can't use Windows 8.x Store UI controls in a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript and HTML.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-195">Also, you can't use Windows 8.x Store UI controls in a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript and HTML.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-196">A component can be a project within a Visual Studio solution for a Windows 8.x Store app, or a reusable component that you can add to multiple solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-196">A component can be a project within a Visual Studio solution for a Windows 8.x Store app, or a reusable component that you can add to multiple solutions.</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="52529-197">If your component will be used only with C# or Visual Basic, there's no reason to make it a Windows Runtime component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-197">If your component will be used only with C# or Visual Basic, there's no reason to make it a Windows Runtime component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-198">If you make it an ordinary .NET Framework class library instead, you don't have to restrict its public API surface to Windows Runtime types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-198">If you make it an ordinary .NET Framework class library instead, you don't have to restrict its public API surface to Windows Runtime types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-199">You can release versions of reusable components by using the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to identify which types (and which members within a type) were added in different versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-199">You can release versions of reusable components by using the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to identify which types (and which members within a type) were added in different versions.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-200">The types in your component can derive from Windows Runtime types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-200">The types in your component can derive from Windows Runtime types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-201">Controls can derive from the primitive control types in the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Primitives> namespace or from more finished controls such as <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Button>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-201">Controls can derive from the primitive control types in the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Primitives> namespace or from more finished controls such as <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Button>.</span></span>

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > <span data-ttu-id="52529-202">Starting with [!INCLUDE[win8](../../../includes/win8-md.md)] and the .NET Framework 4.5, all public types in a managed Windows Runtime component must be sealed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-202">Starting with [!INCLUDE[win8](../../../includes/win8-md.md)] and the .NET Framework 4.5, all public types in a managed Windows Runtime component must be sealed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-203">A type in another Windows Runtime component can't derive from them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-203">A type in another Windows Runtime component can't derive from them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-204">Si vous souhaitez fournir un comportement polymorphe dans votre composant, vous pouvez créer une interface et l’implémenter dans les types polymorphes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-204">If you want to provide polymorphic behavior in your component, you can create an interface and implement it in the polymorphic types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="52529-205">All parameter and return types on the public types in your component must be Windows Runtime types (including the Windows Runtime types that your component defines).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-205">All parameter and return types on the public types in your component must be Windows Runtime types (including the Windows Runtime types that your component defines).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-206">Les sections suivantes fournissent des exemples de scénarios courants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-206">The following sections provide examples of common scenarios.</span></span>

### <a name="application-logic-for-a-windows-8x-store-app-with-javascript"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-207">Application Logic for a Windows 8.x Store App with JavaScript</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-207">Application Logic for a Windows 8.x Store App with JavaScript</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-208">When you develop a Windows 8.x Store app for Windows using JavaScript, you might find that some parts of the application logic perform better in managed code, or are easier to develop.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-208">When you develop a Windows 8.x Store app for Windows using JavaScript, you might find that some parts of the application logic perform better in managed code, or are easier to develop.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-209">JavaScript ne peut pas utiliser les bibliothèques de classes .NET Framework directement, mais vous pouvez faire de la bibliothèque de classes un fichier .WinMD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-209">JavaScript can't use .NET Framework class libraries directly, but you can make the class library a .WinMD file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-210">In this scenario, the Windows Runtime component is an integral part of the app, so it doesn't make sense to provide version attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-210">In this scenario, the Windows Runtime component is an integral part of the app, so it doesn't make sense to provide version attributes.</span></span>

### <a name="reusable-windows-8x-store-ui-controls"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-211">Reusable Windows 8.x Store UI Controls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-211">Reusable Windows 8.x Store UI Controls</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-212">You can package a set of related UI controls in a reusable Windows Runtime component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-212">You can package a set of related UI controls in a reusable Windows Runtime component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-213">Le composant peut être commercialisé seul ou utilisé comme élément dans les applications que vous créez.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-213">The component can be marketed on its own or used as an element in the apps you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-214">In this scenario, it makes sense to use the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to improve compatibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-214">In this scenario, it makes sense to use the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to improve compatibility.</span></span>

### <a name="reusable-application-logic-from-existing-net-framework-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-215">Logique d’application réutilisable à partir d’applications .NET Framework existantes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-215">Reusable Application Logic from Existing .NET Framework Apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="52529-216">You can package managed code from your existing desktop apps as a standalone Windows Runtime component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-216">You can package managed code from your existing desktop apps as a standalone Windows Runtime component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-217">This enables you to use the component in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C++ or JavaScript, as well as in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C# or Visual Basic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-217">This enables you to use the component in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C++ or JavaScript, as well as in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C# or Visual Basic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-218">Le contrôle de version est une option s’il existe plusieurs scénarios de réutilisation du code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-218">Versioning is an option if there are multiple reuse scenarios for the code.</span></span>

## <a name="related-topics"></a><span data-ttu-id="52529-219">Rubriques connexes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-219">Related Topics</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="52529-220">Titre</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-220">Title</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="52529-221">Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-221">Description</span></span>|
|-----------|-----------------|
|<span data-ttu-id="52529-222">[Vue d’ensemble de .NET pour les applications Windows Store](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-222">[.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140))</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="52529-223">Describes the .NET Framework types and members that you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows RuntimeComponents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-223">Describes the .NET Framework types and members that you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows RuntimeComponents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-224">(Dans le Centre de développement Windows.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-224">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|<span data-ttu-id="52529-225">[Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-225">[Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10))</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="52529-226">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-226">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-227">(Dans le Centre de développement Windows.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-227">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|<span data-ttu-id="52529-228">[How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-228">[How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10))</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="52529-229">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-229">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-230">(Dans le Centre de développement Windows.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-230">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="52529-231">Création de composants Windows Runtime en C# et Visual Basic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-231">Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic</span></span>](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic)|<span data-ttu-id="52529-232">Describes how to create a Windows Runtime component using the .NET Framework, explains how to use it as part of a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, and describes how to debug the combination with Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-232">Describes how to create a Windows Runtime component using the .NET Framework, explains how to use it as part of a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, and describes how to debug the combination with Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-233">(Dans le Centre de développement Windows.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-233">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="52529-234">Windows Runtime reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-234">Windows Runtime reference</span></span>](/uwp/api/)|<span data-ttu-id="52529-235">The reference documentation for the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-235">The reference documentation for the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="52529-236">(Dans le Centre de développement Windows.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-236">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="52529-237">Passage d’un URI au Windows Runtime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-237">Passing a URI to the Windows Runtime</span></span>](../../../docs/standard/cross-platform/passing-a-uri-to-the-windows-runtime.md)|<span data-ttu-id="52529-238">Describes an issue that can arise when you pass a URI from managed code to the Windows Runtime, and how to avoid it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="52529-238">Describes an issue that can arise when you pass a URI from managed code to the Windows Runtime, and how to avoid it.</span></span>|
